README.md, before:

Implement a 4-bit ADC using an analog circuit simulator
================================================================================
Use the Java [Falstad Analog Circuit Simulator](https://www.falstad.com/circuit-java) for implementing a 4-bit Analog to Digital Converter.

The development of this project involves three main stages:
1. setup a easy-to-run project using `ant` and a custom folder structure starting from the raw source code;
2. develop new components for the emulator that will be used by the 4-bit adc circuit;
3. implement some test circuits and the adc circuit and test them.

## Demo
[Demo video](adc-demo-video.mp4)

## Run
This project has only been tested on linux, both on Ubuntu and Fedora.

In order to install, build and run:
- make sure you have the `java (open)jdk` and `ant` installed. On most linux distros installing `ant` will automatically install all the needed dependencies;
- clone the project;
- `cd` into the root folder of the project;
- run `ant compile` and `ant run` for building and running the project.

## Acknowledgements
The emulator is licensed and owned by Paul Falstad. Please see this [link](https://www.falstad.com/licensing.html). The license displayed in this repository applies only to the code that has been developed by the author.

This project was developed for the third-year course [`Tecniche di calcolo per la fisica`](https://fisica.campusnet.unito.it/do/storicocorsi.pl/Show?_id=fa6d_1819) at Unito's department of physics. The rights of the circuit itself go to Unito.

## Disclaimer
The author/associates/owner of this project cannot be held responsible for any damages in the form of physical loss/monetary loss or any kind of loss that comes as the result of the presented project.

The projects is only for educational purpose and should not be replicated or modified for the sake of hurting any human (including self-hurting)/animals/private or public property.

The person/group of people must take enough precautions before replicating any project/ideas presented in this project, such as wearing rubber shoes and electrical gloves while working with high voltage projects, wearing eye goggles and allowing fresh air while soldering the projects etc to say a few.

Beginners and inexperienced individuals in electronics/electrical industry should NOT make any high voltage / AC mains projects.

The readers who agree to this disclaimer may follow the information/ideas/make projects, readers who disagree may not follow any information or make any projects presented in this repository.

Commit message:

Readme: add reference to the lab implemenetation. Add goals

README.md, after:

Implement a 4-bit ADC using an analog circuit simulator
================================================================================
Use the Java [Falstad Analog Circuit Simulator](https://www.falstad.com/circuit-java) for implementing a 4-bit Analog to Digital Converter. You can find the schematics and a thorough analysis of the real-world circuit [here](https://github.com/paulbutuc/4-bit-adc).

The development of this project involves three main stages:
1. setup a easy-to-run project using `ant` and a custom folder structure starting from the raw source code;
2. develop new components for the emulator that will be used by the 4-bit adc circuit;
3. implement some test circuits and the adc circuit and test them.

## Demo
[Demo video](adc-demo-video.mp4)

## Run
This project has only been tested on linux, both on Ubuntu and Fedora.

In order to install, build and run:
- make sure you have the `java (open)jdk` and `ant` installed. On most linux distros installing `ant` will automatically install all the needed dependencies;
- clone the project;
- `cd` into the root folder of the project;
- run `ant compile` and `ant run` for building and running the project.

## Goals
This project can be useful in multiple ways:
- use it to have an interactive view of how a specific 4-bit adc functions. It can be a very useful companion for [this](https://github.com/paulbutuc/4-bit-adc) project where I actually build a 4-bit adc circuit;
- explore how programming can be used within the filed of scientific simulation;
- learn how to manage and develop a simple java project.

## Acknowledgements
The emulator is licensed and owned by Paul Falstad. Please see this [link](https://www.falstad.com/licensing.html). The license displayed in this repository applies only to the code that has been developed by the author.

This project was developed for the third-year course [`Tecniche di calcolo per la fisica`](https://fisica.campusnet.unito.it/do/storicocorsi.pl/Show?_id=fa6d_1819) at Unito's department of physics. The rights of the circuit itself go to Unito.

## Disclaimer
The author/associates/owner of this project cannot be held responsible for any damages in the form of physical loss/monetary loss or any kind of loss that comes as the result of the presented project.

The projects is only for educational purpose and should not be replicated or modified for the sake of hurting any human (including self-hurting)/animals/private or public property.

The person/group of people must take enough precautions before replicating any project/ideas presented in this project, such as wearing rubber shoes and electrical gloves while working with high voltage projects, wearing eye goggles and allowing fresh air while soldering the projects etc to say a few.

Beginners and inexperienced individuals in electronics/electrical industry should NOT make any high voltage / AC mains projects.

The readers who agree to this disclaimer may follow the information/ideas/make projects, readers who disagree may not follow any information or make any projects presented in this repository.
